Our company's products have always been safe and secure.
How could this problem occur?
Impossible your fourth group is framing you
Take a good look at my face. It was made by your company.
Don't give me an explanation today
I will destroy your company
Yes, I have long heard that Shen Yiwei
It's like life is crazy
Indiscreet in private
Now producing counterfeit drugs
murder
Hey, keep your mouth clean
It's not clear yet.
Don't spill blood
Where did you come from?
Walk sideways and talk nonsense. Is that your place?
I am his husband
Humph his husband
Then my little white face
If you keep talking nonsense, believe it or not, I will tear your mouth apart.
How dare you hit me!
Do you know who I am?
My sister is Yongzhou Ye Zhen
The entire Yongzhou city
To drop a leaf, it has to be like our Ye family
If you offend, you will die.
How dare the little Ye family be so arrogant
Miss Ye
Since you said that there is a problem with our product.
We look at nature and are willing to compensate
Then tell me how you want to compensate me.
All your treatment costs to us to review and start over
What do you think?
Bah, I care about those broken money
I want you to kneel down today and admit your mistake
And give yourself a hundred slaps
Slap him. Slap him. Slap him. Slap him.
Okay, I'll kneel for you
Please let it go
What's the matter?
You don't have to give it to me to anyone
Don't try to bully me with me
But the police
This time it is indeed our company's problem.
Okay, call me now
Let him do justice for me
I'd like to see how good your sister can be